---------------------------------
TERMS & CONDITIONS
---------------------------------

Definitions
1.Account - means the account that you have with us and any related accounts held with JBank & Co Ltd.

2.Application Form - means the application form.

3.JBank & Co, we, our, us - means JBank & Co Ltd, a firm regulated by the FSA and a member of the London Stock Exchange with a registered office at somewhere Rd, London, United Kingdom

4.Service - means the Internet dealing service provided by JBank & Co Ltd and accessed via the Internet site known as JBank & Co.com.

5.Site - means the Internet site known as JBankCo.com.

6.FSA - means the Financial Services Authority.

8.You, yours - the Account holder named on the Application Form.

Commencement
9.These terms and conditions will come into force on acceptance by us of a duly completed and signed application form, including satisfactory verification of your identity. The application form constitutes your acceptance of and agreement to the terms and conditions contained herein in which you must provide true, accurate, current and complete information in all compulsory fields and notify us immediately of any changes to the information provided.

10.We may in our absolute discretion reject any application from you to open an account.

Services Provided
11.These terms and conditions apply to the Internet dealing service provided to you by JBank & Co Ltd and accessed via the Internet site known as JBankCo.com.

12.The Service is an execution-only dealing service and we will not advise you as to the merits of any transaction or investment. In giving orders or instructions you do so in reliance of your own judgement.

13.Orders and instructions will be executed strictly in accordance with your instructions and we shall have no responsibility for checking the accuracy of any order or instruction.

14.The type of investments which can be traded using the Service will generally comprise securities issued by UK or overseas companies or related instruments but may be amended by us from time to time. Current details are available on request.

15.We may also provide other services if agreed between us but we may require you to enter into a separate agreement.

16.Any news, prices, opinions and other information on the Site or which we may otherwise provide to you is provided solely to enable you to make your own investment decisions and does not constitute personal investment recommendations. The information is obtained from sources believed to be reliable but is subject to change without notice. Please also see our Risk Warnings section.

17.None of the information contained on the Site nor any opinion expressed therein should be regarded as an offer or the solicitation of an offer by us to you to buy, sell or otherwise deal in any particular investment.

18.We may from time to time, in our absolute discretion, withdraw the whole or any part of the Service on a temporary or permanent basis.

Your Classification and Capacity
19.For the purposes of the FSA rules, we will treat you as a Private Customer.

20.If you are acting as an agent for another person, we will treat you alone as our customer for the purposes of the FSA rules and you will be liable in addition to that person in respect of your transactions.

Settlement Agent
21.We, as your agent and with your authority, have appointed JBank & Co Ltd to act as account administrators and as such they are responsible for providing settlement, safe custody, nominee and associated services for you. We have your authority to give instructions to JBank & Co Ltd on your behalf in relation to such matters. You hereby authorize JBank & Co Ltd to transfer securities and/or cash into or out of your Account and to carry out any other actions contemplated herein.

22.When you open an account with us JBank & Co Ltd will open a cash account and an investment account in your name.

23.You acknowledge that until receipt from you of written notice to the contrary, JBank & Co Ltd may accept from us, without enquiry or investigation orders or settlement of orders already executed by us for the purchase or sale of securities or any other instructions concerning your Account.

24.As a result, you will be a customer of both JBank & Co Ltd and JBank & Co Ltd in respect of each transaction. Notices to you related to your Account will usually go through us although direct notice to you with a duplicate notice to us may occur if market conditions, time constraints or other circumstances require it. You understand that JBank & Co Ltd is not acting as the agent of JBank & Co Ltd.

Orders and Instructions
25.Generally, your instructions or orders, once sent or given are irrevocable. However, if we receive your order when the relevant exchange is closed, you may have the right to withdraw and amend your order prior to its execution.

26.We may in our absolute discretion and without giving reasons decline to accept any particular order or instruction from you. If we accept your instructions or orders we will use reasonable endeavours to carry them out. However, we will not be liable for any loss or expense you incur if we are unable to carry out your instructions for whatever reason or if there is a delay or change in market conditions.

27.If we receive an order from you in response to, and within the time given for acceptance of, a fixed quotation then your order will be carried out in accordance with the quotation. You acknowledge that the market price may have moved, either in your favour or against you, during the time between our sending the fixed quotation to you and the execution of your order.

28.There may be a delay in the execution of your orders. In particular, an order received by us when the relevant exchange is closed, will not be executed until the exchange re-opens. You should note that in such circumstances there may be a considerable difference between the closing price and the price at which we are able to execute your order.

29.We will not accept orders from you or execute transactions on your behalf in respect of investments which you do not own. We will only sell investments which you hold in your Account.

30.We will only accept orders from you or execute transactions on your behalf where you hold sufficient funds in your Account or are due to receive proceeds from a recent sale executed through us.

31.We will not as a rule accept payments from nor send money to any third parties. All monies must be received from, or sent to a bank account in your name.

Contract Notes & Statements
32.On the sale or purchase of an investment through us, you will be sent a contract note in accordance with the FSA rules.

33.JBank & Co Ltd will provide a statement listing the investments in your Account not less frequently than annually.

Communications
34.Except for issues where security aspects dictate that we receive original written instructions, any communication from you may additionally be given by telephone, e-mail or fax.

35.Any communication from us will be either in writing to your last known address or by e-mail to your last notified e-mail address.

36.Communications sent to us will be deemed received only if actually received by us.
Communications sent by us to you:
(i)by post will be deemed received five business days after posting; and
(ii) by fax, or electronic mail, will be deemed delivered 24 hours after sending.   You undertake to notify us in writing within seven days of any change of your permanent address, e-mail or bank account details. Account Numbers, User Codes & Passwords

37.When you open an Account you will select a username and password.
You undertake as follows:
(i)You will keep such account number, username and password confidential and will be solely responsible for the use of such account number, username and password;
(ii)You will notify us immediately if you know or suspect that any other person has become aware of your password;
(iii)You are the sole and exclusive user of the Account unless you have otherwise notified us in writing;

38.We may rely on all instructions, orders and other communications entered using your account number, username and password and you will be bound by any agreement entered into or expense incurred on your behalf in reliance on such instructions, orders and other communications.

Your Money
39.JBank & Co Ltd can only deal with your money in accordance with the FSA's Client Money Rules which, among other things, requires it to hold your money in a client account segregating your funds from their own at a bank or building society approved by the FSA. The approved bank or building society may hold such money with other clients' money in a pooled account in the name of JBank & Co Ltd A/C Client. Money not immediately required to settle a purchase will attract interest at such rates as are posted on the Site from time to time.

Custody
42.Investments will normally be registered in the name of a JBank & Co Ltd nominee company but will at all times be beneficially owned by you. JBank & Co Ltd is responsible for the acts of their nominee to the same extent as for their own acts, including, for the avoidance of doubt, losses arising from fraud, wilful default or negligence. Certificates and documents of title will be held by JBank & Co Ltd in accordance with the relevant rules of the FSA.

43.UK registered securities will be held either in their physical possession or in uncertificated form in CREST.

45.Investments registered or recorded in the name of a nominee may be pooled with those of one or more of our or JBank & Co Ltd's other clients. Accordingly your individual entitlements may not be identifiable by separate certificates, physical documents or entries on the register. In the event of an irreconcilable shortfall following any default by an eligible custodian responsible for pooled investments, you may not receive your full entitlement and may share in that shortfall pro-rata. JBank & Co Ltd may use an eligible custodian in the same group of companies to that which it belongs.

46.None of the Account investments, certificates or documents of title or any other property belonging to you will be lent to any third party or used as security for a loan.

Charges
50.You agree to pay periodic charges to maintain your account and access our services. You will be notified ten days in advance of any fees to be deducted from your account on a periodic basis in accordance with our published tariff of charges. It is in your interest to ensure that you have sufficient cash in your account in order to meet these periodic payments. Debit interest and penalties will be charged on all outstanding balances at our prevailing rate as published on our website.

53.All accounts opened on or after 8th April 2002 must deposit a minimum of £100 in cash or stock at the time of opening the account.

54.Our charges will be in accordance with our published rate card in effect at the time that they are incurred. Any alteration to these charges will be notified to you at least ten business days before the time of the change.

March 2003


Registered Company Number 9876543
VAT Number 123456789